people watching and first episode
from our new youtube channel i'm going
madrid and i say yes we are giant
make a video series and we're going today
start and did commercials
here in history just say yes
makes
and we think that lelli kelly shoes
advertisement
just dot on number one word is no
tast advertising in whatever language you use
never he is just me that we go
show you now and then
we will tell you why people
find it annoying
oh fuck yes and if the boat and not
always give me relief okay
we find feed this video so annoying
and the reason for that is that video
just so terrible really wrong ok
which child runs a room for flowers
which is also completely filled with
balloons
yes and other reason school is sick
to replace
yes ok then
those kids want to buy it and with them
get a present and there it is
here a hair extension but I have too
have seen enough advertisements
with my club boxes and lip gloss and all
the other shit was nowhere at all
will be around every old can lie about ten
cent with the action and those shoes
that site should illuminate with magic
wished to see that
yes they go with marieke nice then say
what are no laces needed for
because there is another fact that is
just makes no sense okay we have
two other ladies for you
the next advertisement that we go to you
show is dark that is really such
awful irritating advertising
okay so we will leave it to you now
see
and therein you shall again
explain why to start this ethan
oh i am paul from carglass
take a look I leave something now
do you think this asterisk is none
evil can now just look what
happens when the heating turns on it
asterisk may be due to the sudden
sand through temperature changes
if this happens now we will replace you
for her immediately but at Carglass
repair of course much cheaper with
class each other as soon as you see an asterisk
and we are happy to come to you and usually
we can fix the previous one without it
to replace it
we inject our hpx in a hurry and
the result is almost within 30 minutes
invisible and the weather is up again
full strength and you are insured against
home yarn then you pay insurance
usually the bill at bk klessens
repair most cases for you
free
do not wait until it is too late call 0 800
0406 or make an appointment online with
carglass after that
card la depends okay this was the advertisement
for carglass
why he is so annoying is found
just the entire advertisement
First , it fully integrates us
not that that man's name
you don't start advertising like that
yes if you know that you still pass
cell why is that cupboard the one
sofa that really doesn't make sense now
this really does not interest us at all
which fixes that window when you get there
but we know what repairs I must personally
assured he always ate everything
as a toddler with wanting child
indeed ok well now we have our third
came
box is one of those many plus cyclamen
that really very annoying is okay that
so you're not going to show you anymore
this is the last four this is the last
advertising that we include in this video
walk and yes here we go again
tell about connecting
well he is nice yes at plus we go
if possible it is fresh from the neighborhood
plus we always have a lot of benefits
nice
plus she is very much in love with you
is serious
plus if you want to bring that
we go shopping to the car
she immediately blames more house a nice
gesture why did it take
all customers get with plus we
we give that attention
did not mind i have you all at plus
you will get more attention bottle
your benefit so more press daily
ok this is our last video well
everyone understands this because
the beginning of this video is already
terribly bad
just how that woman was running
don't understand why it would run anyway
used to be
but well yes that is not a good start
for the lady that she met
and that plus sign is just terrible
irritating
yes plus come on then you just do it
not
So where do you what someone Speaking
still the piece so pack in your shopping cart
yes indeed well with this video we are
the end of our youtube video
if yes watched this video enough
and we were allowed good responses
we just continue with videos
It won't always make big claws
we are just going to do other things
of course yes and then we wish
you just have a nice day or evening
when you watch this too and yes thanks
for watching and tot
yes, hopefully bye next time